[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So what do you have
to do your code to put flags or
whatever in there to make it easier
to find them on the reports?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Man, are you on
a two-wheeled machine that you lean to
drive?
Because that was an amazing segue,
my friend-
>> Speaker 1: [LAUGH]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Into what we are going
to do next.
Which is we talk about how we
implement universal analytics in
Node.js where we will be adding
JavaScript code to the client
side of our application to track
page views and custom events.
We talked a little bit about
the custom event data model.
A category is a logical grouping for
a kind of event, like video events.
An action is a play, pause, or a scrub,
and then a label might be the specific
video that's being played.
But the general stats around page views
are what you're gonna be collecting first.
And a page view event will send
with it all kinds of other events
to Google to populate all the rest of
the data that you saw on that interface.